Welcome to your upper body tone and
sculpt workout. Today is going to be a
super quick and effective workout that
strengthens and tones your entire upper
body using only your own body weight and
determination.
So, if you're ready to feel the burn and
see incredible results, grab your mat
and let's begin.
All right, friends. Let's begin today
seated on your mat with your knees
together. Taking a deep breath in
reaching both arms up to the sky. Give
yourself a stretch. Exhale, come on down
with your hands to the floor. And then
bring your weight over into all fours
position.
From here, shoulders above your wrist.
We're going to now bring your knees
together.
And lift your feet off the ground coming
into a knee plank position.
We're going to begin with a tricep
push-up set. So, you're going to bring
yourself down and then press yourself
right up.
And again, bring it down. And up for
two. Now, you want to make sure that the
elbows are pointing to the back of the
mat. Your arms are right next to the
side of your body. So, we're not working
the pecs, we're working the triceps.
Keep going. Bring it down. Press your
way up.
And bring it down.
Push your way up. Keep going.
Bring it up. Nice. You got a few more.
Just breathe through it.
Last one.
Awesome. Slowly sit back to your heels
and then spring forward into a plank
position. Hold it here. Pull the navel
into the spine. Now, bring yourself down
into a chaturanga, but just hover the
body. Straight position. Your elbows are
lined with your shoulders along with
your upper back. Keep holding. Press
yourself right back into plank position.
Keep holding. Breathe. Don't give up.
Pull the navel into the spine, so
engaging the core. Firing up those
shoulders, those arms.
Well done, you guys. Drop down to your
knees, and let's do another set of our
push-ups. Bring it down. Press it up for
one.
Bring it down.
And two. Still working the triceps.
If you're feeling extra strong today,
you're more than welcome to stay in a
full plank position and give me full
tricep push-ups. Otherwise, stay on your
knees.
Get low.
Rest it up. You got this. Keep pushing.
Bring it up. Now, tuck your toes under.
Extend into plank position. Lower down
to the chaturanga hover. Hold. Hold.
Don't give up. Just hover your body.
And you're almost done. Release the
toes. Lift up into your upward-facing
dog. Stretch it out. Extend those arms.
Bend your knees and sit back into
child's pose.
Awesome, you guys. All right, let's just
come over to the center of your mat,
wherever you are. Come into a seated
position. Extend your arms out to the
side.
Drop the shoulders down. Bring your arms
together. Open to the side, then up to
the sky, to the side. Keep going.
Forward, side, up, side. Your elbows are
straight. Your arms are strong. Side,
forward, side, up, to the side. Lots of
power when you open up those arms to the
side.
And open. Lift and side. Front.
And up.
And front.
Keep your body engaged. Your back is
engaged, your arms are strong.
This seems like a simple exercise, but
trust me, in a little bit you're going
to really feel the burn here.
And open up and side. Hold it there,
breathe. And then bring your arms
forward, bend your elbows, squeeze, and
then lift forward. Squeeze, reach
forward. Squeeze, reach forward. So,
bend those elbows and squeeze both of
your shoulder blades together, and then
reach. Squeeze and reach. Slightly lean
your body forward, so you're creating a
nice beautiful angle with the upper
body. Squeeze and reach. Bend those
elbows, bring yourself back up. Now,
just point the palms down and up. Down
and up. Down and up. Working from the
rotator cuffs, toning your shoulders,
creating beautiful definitions in your
upper body.
Down, up. Down and up. So, make sure
that the height of the elbows does not
change. Simply point the palms down and
up. Down, up. Down, up. Down, you're
almost there.
Last three,
two,
one. Awesome, bring your elbows
together, open. Together, open.
Together, open. Still keeping that
height of the elbows, just close the
arms and open.
Breathe through it. You're going to
start to now feel that little bit of a
burn happening through the shoulders,
through the arms.
Really focus on your breath and don't
give up. Don't drop those arms.
Just got a few more minutes to go, and I
promise you it'll be worth it. Bring it
together, open. Together, open. Keep
going.
Now, last one, you're going to end with
your elbows out to the side and just
pump it up. Two, three, four, five, six,
seven, eight, nine, 10. Keep going.
Don't stop. Just little tiny pulses with
those elbows.
Keeping those shoulders away from the
ears, draw those shoulder blades
together. Just pump those arms up and
down. Little tiny movements.
Eventually, if you're looking for more
resistance, you can grab a light weight
in both hands. But for now, just hold it
there. Bring your elbows together now.
So, same thing, but now keep them
together and pump it up. 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10. Keep going. Don't drop those elbows
below that center line.
Just keep lifting little tiny lifts.
Good job, you guys. You're almost there.
Don't forget about your core. Keep
everything strong.
Just pump it. Pump it.
Last 3 2 1. Extend your arms out to the
side. You got this. Drop the shoulders
away from the ears and let's circle the
arms forward. Baby circles. 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 10. 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1. Keep
going. Keep circling. We're doing 40
here.
Just keep those shoulders dropped away
from the ears. Elongate the neck.
Last one. And then reverse it back. 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 20.
Keep going.
Just draw those little circles with your
fingers and your arms.
Keep those arms out to the side. We're
almost done. Don't drop those arms, you
guys. Open up the palms now and simply
pump and squeeze the shoulders back. 2
3. Your arms are still in that same
angle out to the side. Do not let them
drop.
Breathe through it. Close your eyes if
you need to. Just pump it back, back,
back. You got it.
Awesome. Now turn the palms downward and
all we're going to do is just hold. This
is your last exercise in this position.
Breathe through it. Big breaths.
Don't let those arms drop.
Last few seconds. Hold it. Hold it. Hold
it and release. Awesome. Drop those arms
down. Shake out your arms. Well done you
guys.
One last exercise here. Bring yourself
over to your mat. Ground the feet. Bring
the arms behind your back and lift up
into a bridge position. Squeeze the
glutes. And then from here simply we're
going to do a tricep dip and bring it
up. Bend the elbows and lift for two.
Bend and three. Try to keep your hips as
high as you can. Four. You can even lift
your toes in the front portions of your
feet off the mat keeping your weight on
your heels. Dip it low and up. Working
those triceps.
I know your arms are probably cooking at
this point. Just stay with me. This is
our very last exercise.
Last few.
Push.
And push.
You're almost done.
Two.
And one.
And lift up. Squeeze your glutes. Drop
your head back. Just hold and stretch it
out. Lift into that bridge position.
Lift that heart up to the sky.
Take a deep breath in.
And exhale slowly from here drop
yourself down onto your mat.
Well done you guys. Let's do a quick
little stretch before we finish. Shake
out your arms.
Great job today. Go ahead and just take
one arm across the body. Hold it in your
other elbow. Pull it across so you're
feeling that nice stretch through the
tricep.
Shoulders pointed towards the screen.
Awesome. Just take a deep breath in.
Exhale. Good work. Stretch it out. Just
switch to the other side. So, same
thing, just the other arm reaches across
the body.
You're holding it in that elbow crease
as you breathe deeply.
With each exhalation, you pull it a
little closer towards your body.
Beautiful work. All right, let's release
the arms
and take a big exhale. Thank you guys so
much for joining me today for upper body
workout. I hope you enjoyed it and look
forward to seeing you again. Bye for
now.
I'm the
only one in here.
I'm the only one in here.